Ros1 safety docks update (#171)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_battery/README.md

| `V_BAT_FATAL_MAX`          | 43.0  | **V**      |
| `V_BAT_FULL`               | 41.4  | **V**      |
| `V_BAT_MIN`                | 32.0  | **V**      |
| `LOW_BAT_TEMP`             | -10.0 | **&deg;C** |
| `OVERHEAT_BAT_TEMP`        | 45.0  | **&deg;C** |

The method of calculating individual values:

- for single battery:

| Value                                       | Variable name                                                 | Method of calculating                            | Comment                                                                                          | Published on |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Voltage                                     | `V_bat`                                                       | Measured with ADC unit                           | -                                                                                                | `/battery`   |

> | Temperature                                 | `temp_bat`                                                    | Measured with thermistor                         | -                                                                                                | `/battery`   |

Reviewer: The value measured is actually V_temp, later it is converted to temp value with `_voltage_to_deg` function.

> | Each channel current (charge and discharge) | `I_bat_1`, `I_bat_2`, <br> `I_charge_bat_1`, `I_charge_bat_2` | Measured with ADC unit                           | Despite the fact that the battery is single, two ADC unit channels are taken into account anyway | -            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Each channel current (charge and discharge) | `I_bat_1`, `I_bat_2`, <br> `I_charge_bat_1`, `I_charge_bat_2` | Measured with ADC unit                           | Despite the single battery, two ADC unit channels are taken into consideration | -            |
```
A bit more compact comment

| Percentage                                  | `percentage`                                                  | `(V_bat - V_BAT_MIN) / (V_BAT_FULL - V_BAT_MIN)` | -                                                                                                | `/battery`   |  |

- for double battery:

| Value                       | Variable name                               | Method of calculating                                                       | Published on                           |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| Channel voltage             | `V_bat_1`, `V_bat_2`                        | Measured with ADC unit separately for each battery                          | `/battery_1`, `/battery_2`             |
| Mean voltage                | `V_bat`                                     | `V_bat_1 + V_bat_2`                                                         | `/battery`                             |

> | Channel temperature         | `temp_bat_1`, `temp_bat_2`                  | Measured with thermistor separately for each battery                        | `/battery_1`, `/battery_2`             |

Reviewer: same as ealier

| Channel current (discharge) | `I_bat_1`, `I_bat_2`                        | Measured with ADC unit separately for each battery                          | -                                      |
| Channel current (charge)    | `I_charge_bat_1`, `I_charge_bat_2`          | Measured with ADC unit separately for each battery                          | -                                      |
| Mean current (discharge)    | `I_bat` *Mean value of two ADC channels*    | `-(I_bat_1 + I_bat_2) + I_charge_bat_1 + I_charge_bat_2,`                   | `/battery`                             |
| Current (discharge)         | `I_bat`                                     | `-I_bat_? + I_charge_bat_?`                                                 | `/battery_1`, `/battery_2`             |
| Mean current (charge)       | `I_charge` *Mean value of two ADC channels* | `I_charge_bat_1 + I_charge_bat_2`                                           | -                                      |

> | Current (charge)            | `I_charge`                                  | `I_charge_bat_x`                                                            | -                                      |

Reviewer: For means there are: V_bat_mean, I_bat_mean variables. I would describe them more like `sum(I_bat)/mean_length` 
Calculating for I_bat and I_charge should be as it is for mean values now.

| Percentage                  | `percentage`                                | `(V_bat - V_BAT_MIN) / (V_BAT_FULL - V_BAT_MIN)` *For `V_bat` or `V_bat_?`* | `/battery`, `/battery_1`, `/battery_2` |

##### Value of `power_supply_health` Field

| Status                | Method of verification                                  | Condition                      | Procedure                                                                                                                                     |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| GOOD                  | None of these conditions are met                        | n/a                            | -                                                                                                                                             |

> | UNKNOWN               | Check the last time of Roboteq driver messages receive  | data not received              | -                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UNKNOWN               | Check the last time of Roboteq driver message receive  | data not received              | -                                                                                                                                             |
```

| OVERHEAT              | Battery temperature measurement with ADC & thermistor   | `temp_bat > OVERHEAT_BAT_TEMP` | The `adc_node` issues a warning. This status is then read in the `panther_manager` safety behavior tree.                                      |

> | DEAD                  | Mean battery voltage  (moving average, window size: 10) | `V_bat < V_BAT_FATAL_MIN`      | `adc_node` logs warning. This status is then read in the `panther_manager` safety behavior tree.                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DEAD                  | Mean battery voltage  (moving average, window size: 10) | `V_bat < V_BAT_FATAL_MIN`      | The `adc_node` issues a warning. This status is then read in the `panther_manager` safety behavior tree.                                              |
```

| WATCHDOG_TIMER_EXPIRE | -                                                       | -                              | -                                                                                                                                             |
| SAFETY_TIMER_EXPIRE   | -                                                       | -                              | -                                                                                                                                             |

##### Value of `power_supply_status` Field

| State        | Condition                                                   | Comment                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | UNKNOWN      | None of these conditions are met                            | -                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UNKNOWN      | -                            | -                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```
If no conditions are met DISCHARGING is set

| CHARGING     | Charger connected and `I_charge > BAT_CHARGING_CURR_THRESH` | The state is published on the `/battery` topic. If the robot has two batteries, it is also published on `/battery` (where the threshold is `2 * BAT_CHARGING_CURR_THRESH`), `/battery_1`, and `/battery_2`. |
| FULL         | Batter percentage                                           | when charge is 100%, but 100% is equal to `V_BAT_FULL`                                                                                                                                                      |
| NOT_CHARGING | Charger connected but none of above conditions are met      |                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | DISCHARGING  | none of above conditions are met                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DISCHARGING  | None of above conditions are met                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```
